Docs: Add configuration documentation (#1188)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: docs/content/config/index.md

HedgeDoc can be configured via environment variables either directly or via an `.env` file.

## The `.env` file

> The `.env` file should be places in the root of the project and contains key value pairs of environment variables, and the values you configured them with. This can for example look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.env` file should be placed in the root of the project and contains key-value pairs of environment variables, and the corresponding value. This can for example look like this:
```

```ini
HD_DOMAIN="http://localhost"
HD_MEDIA_BACKEND="filesystem"
HD_MEDIA_BACKEND_FILESYSTEM_UPLOAD_PATH="uploads/"
HD_DATABASE_DIALECT="sqlite"
HD_DATABASE_STORAGE="./hedgedoc.sqlite"
```

We also provide an `.env.example` file containing a minimal configuration in the root of the project. This should help you to write your own configuration.

!!! warning  
    The minimal configuration provided in `.env.example` is exactly that: minimal. It will let you start HedgeDoc, but it is **not** meant to be used in production without prior changes.

## General

| environment variable     | default   | example                    | description                                                                                       |
|--------------------------|-----------|----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `HD_DOMAIN`              | -         | https://md.example.com     | The URL the HedgeDoc instance runs on                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `HD_DOMAIN`              | -         | https://md.example.com     | The URL the HedgeDoc instance runs on.                                                            |
```

Author: done

> | `HD_DOMAIN`              | -         | https://md.example.com     | The URL the HedgeDoc instance runs on.                                                            |

Reviewer: Maybe put all the examples in code blocks?
```suggestion
| `HD_DOMAIN`              | -         | `https://md.example.com`     | The URL the HedgeDoc instance runs on.                                                            |
```

> | `PORT`                   | 3000      |                            | The port the HedgeDoc instance runs on                                                            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `PORT`                   | 3000      |                            | The port the HedgeDoc instance runs on.                                                            |
```

Author: done

> | `HD_RENDERER_ORIGIN`     | HD_DOMAIN |                            | The URL the renderer runs on. If omitted this will be same as `HD_DOMAIN`                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `HD_RENDERER_ORIGIN`     | HD_DOMAIN |                            | The URL the renderer runs on. If omitted this will be same as `HD_DOMAIN`.                        |
```

Author: done

> | `HD_RENDERER_ORIGIN`     | HD_DOMAIN |                            | The URL the renderer runs on. If omitted this will be same as `HD_DOMAIN`.                        |

Reviewer: We should explain (or add a TODO), why there is an option for that/why one would like to run the renderer on a separate URL.

> | `HD_LOGLEVEL`            | warn      |                            | The loglevel that should be used. Options are `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` or `trace`         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `HD_LOGLEVEL`            | warn      |                            | The loglevel that should be used. Options are `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` or `trace`.        |
```

Author: done

> | `HD_FORBIDDEN_NOTE_IDS`  | -         | notAllowed, alsoNotAllowed | A list of Note ids (separated by `,`), that are not allowed to be created or requested by anyone. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `HD_FORBIDDEN_NOTE_IDS`  | -         | notAllowed, alsoNotAllowed | A list of note ids (separated by `,`), that are not allowed to be created or requested by anyone. |
```

Author: done

| `HD_MAX_DOCUMENT_LENGTH` | 100000    |                            | The maximum length of any one document. Changes to this will impact performance for your users.   |

## Authentication

> **ToDo:** Add Authentication docs

Reviewer 3: Uhm, we should fix that before merging.

Author: This PR is against `develop` and not `master`. So this should not be deployed and until 2.0 is released. Therefore I think this can be kept around, but I can open an issue, if you think this would be a good idea?

Reviewer: Having `TODOs` in develop is fine for now, we have them at other places too.

Author: I created an issue: https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/issues/1512

## Customization

| environment variable  | default | example                         | description                                                                                                                                                                |
|-----------------------|---------|---------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `HD_CUSTOM_NAME`      | -       | DEMO Corp                       | The text will be shown in the top right corner in the editor and on the intro page. If you also configured a custom logo this will be used as the alt text of the logo.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `HD_CUSTOM_NAME`      | -       | DEMO Corp                       | The text will be shown in the top right corner in the editor and on the intro page. If you also configure a custom logo, this will be used as the alt text of the logo.    |
```

| `HD_DATABASE_PASS`     | -       | password          | The password to log into the database. *Only if you're **not** using `sqlite`.*               |
| `HD_DATABASE_STORAGE`  | -       | ./hedgedoc.sqlite | The location of the database file. *Only if you're using `sqlite`.*                           |

## External services

| environment variable   | default | example                           | description                                                                                                                          |
|------------------------|---------|-----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `HD_PLANTUML_SERVER`   | -       | https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml | The PlantUML server that HedgeDoc uses to render PlantUML diagrams. If this is not configured, PlantUML diagrams won't be rendered.  |
| `HD_IMAGE_PROXY`       | -       | https://image-proxy.example.com   | **ToDo:** Add description                                                                                                            |

## Media

> There a couple of different backends that can be used to host your images for HedgeDoc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are a couple of different backends that can be used to host your images for HedgeDoc.
```

Author: done

**ToDo:** Add screenshots to illustrate custom name and custom logo.

## Database

We officially support and test these databases:
- SQLite (for development and smaller instances)
- PostgreSQL
- MariaDB

| environment variable   | default | example             | description                                                                                   |
|------------------------|---------|---------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `HD_DATABASE_DIALECT`  | -       | `postgres`          | The database dialect you want to use. This can be `postgres`, `mysql`, `mariadb` or `sqlite`. |
| `HD_DATABASE_HOST`     | -       | `db.example.com`    | The host, where the database runs. *Only if you're **not** using `sqlite`.*                   |
| `HD_DATABASE_PORT`     | -       | `5432`              | The port, where the database runs. *Only if you're **not** using `sqlite`.*                   |
| `HD_DATABASE_NAME`     | -       | `hedgedoc`          | The name of the database to use. *Only if you're **not** using `sqlite`.*                     |

> | `HD_DATABASE_USER`     | -       | `hedgedoc`          | The user that logs in the database. *Only if you're**not** using `sqlite`.*                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `HD_DATABASE_USER`     | -       | `hedgedoc`          | The user that logs in the database. *Only if you're **not** using `sqlite`.*                   |
```

| `HD_DATABASE_STORAGE`  | -       | `./hedgedoc.sqlite` | The location of the database file. *Only if you're using `sqlite`.*                           |

## External services

| environment variable   | default | example                             | description                                                                                                                          |
|------------------------|---------|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `HD_PLANTUML_SERVER`   | -       | `https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml` | The PlantUML server that HedgeDoc uses to render PlantUML diagrams. If this is not configured, PlantUML diagrams won't be rendered.  |
| `HD_IMAGE_PROXY`       | -       | `https://image-proxy.example.com`   | **ToDo:** Add description                                                                                                            |

## Media

There are couple of different backends that can be used to host your images for HedgeDoc.

- [Azure](media/azure.md)

> - [local filesystem](media/filesystem.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Local filesystem](media/filesystem.md)
```

> - [imgur](media/imgur.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Imgur](media/imgur.md)
```

Author: But this is how the write their own name?
